oadp s3 bucket version support (#97094)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-support-backup-data-immutability.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-support-backup-data-immutability_{context}"]
= OADP support for backup data immutability

[role="_abstract"]
{oadp-short} 1.4 onward, you can store {oadp-short} backups in an {aws-short} S3 bucket with versioning enabled. The versioning support is only for {aws-short} S3 buckets and not for S3-compatible buckets.

Refer to the following information for more details:

* AWS S3 service supports backups because an S3 object lock only applies to versioned buckets. You can still update the object data for the new version. However, when backups are deleted, old versions of the objects are not deleted.

* {oadp-short} backups are not supported and might not work as expected when you enable immutability on Azure Storage Blob.

* GCP Cloud storage policy only supports bucket-level immutability. Therefore, it is not feasible to implement it in the GCP environment.

> The immutability options are referred to by different names as listed below:

Reviewer: This part looks a bit unfinished to me. Why do we want the user to know this? Is it because it's called differently depending on the storage provider or for some other reason? I'd specify that in the leading sentence, perhaps something like this (plus phrasal verb and below https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#b):

```suggestion
Depending on your storage provider, the immutability options are called differently:
```

* S3 object lock
* Object retention
* Bucket versioning
* Write Once Read Many (WORM) buckets

> The primary reason for the absence of support for other S3-compatible object storage is that, {oadp-short} initially saves the state of a backup as _finalizing_ and then scrutinizes whether any asynchronous operations are in progress. 

Reviewer: - Removing comma.
- I've never heard scrutinize' in this context, is it a formal term? I'd simplify with 'verify'.

```suggestion
The primary reason for the absence of support for other S3-compatible object storage is that {oadp-short} initially saves the state of a backup as _finalizing_ and then verifies whether any asynchronous operations are in progress. 
```

* AWS S3 service supports backups because an S3 object lock only applies to versioned buckets. You can still update the object data for the new version. However, when backups are deleted, old versions of the objects are not deleted.

> * {oadp-short} 1.4 onward, you can store {oadp-short} backups in an {aws-short} S3 bucket with versioning enabled. The versioning support is only for {aws-short} S3 buckets and not for S3-compatible buckets.

Reviewer 2: This is great!

> * Azure Storage Blob supports both versioned-level immutability and container-level immutability. In a versioned-level situation, data immutability can still work in {oadp-short}, but not at the container level.

Reviewer 3: yes, we have only tested versioning with AWSS3 buckets so far
